Hello everybody
the film factory today I have you the
movie mandela the long way to freedom
brought along and the movie comes in january
in the cinemas and is now right now
very up to date after the
Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Nelson Mandela
yes, it died last week
is the life story of him like him
in the 60s as civil rights
fighters in south africa have a name
had made but then too
life imprisonment 1964
was sentenced 27 years later
was released
won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 and
a year later for the first black one
president of his country
is like in the life story
visualized that would have been here
We will never be a wife again or again
child
you become a star what can one do
alone together we are strong
you think you know what was going on
I would not be otherwise I would not be here
shows is angry we are all angry
for me the film was on the
cinema viewers one of the hardest
Kinogänger ever then the message
the death of mandela came and on
same morning, the film was then synonymous
the movie shows he really shows that
That's why you can get full life from it
of course, that's what he does, too
is longer because the good man has yes
very very much experienced
but at the same time they are also
Main actor fantastic selected
So there you can only
Bow
and it is very very dignified
become just with such films
biographies it is always very difficult
it will just be such a slaughter
as a film itself or are the actors
just very dignified that works
Fantastic really just hat off
a terrific performance also the
soundtrack is great and used
in general, like the whole interplay
working is more than convincing
So Nelson Mandela had the
film very much liked with security
even if the film is very dignified his
but you have to say that is figured
yes just too long so the
stories are very interesting
and it's just really
Stunning what the man has done
but it could be in a something
compressed and film suitable
version but rather come to the cinema that
But is not the big problem of the
films which I honestly something
disturbing is that the figure
invariably so exaggeratedly positive
I'm showing I have
Great respect for the man is out
in my opinion one of the biggest or the
greatest personality of our time
Nevertheless, I just want to corner
and he then has edges of humans
just forgive everything really everyone
and it is almost over
drawn godlike and that's it
really a bit exhausting you could
just a few private moments
show wherever nelson mandela man
says so in serious construction that's just possible
not that is unfortunately such a criticism
that's a bit too smooth for me
it has indeed been a tribute
but also with friends you
You had the say once when
something does not fit and that's what's missing
me just in the film is too smooth
become
to the Hollywood moderate but it is after all
well played and well worth seeing
but unfortunately there was much more
potential who should mandela now im
cinema are definitely the
People who say I want his
Life story very detailed
get told then you are here
in any case, the people are just right
say that twice or get
but also roughly knows the story but therefore
Now that's the current topic as well
is very strong topic in the media
then have a look
What does this man really have
who should not be the film
But they are already looking at each other
very strong with nelson mandela
have set apart and the but
at the same time hey say if you do that
I would like to do that, too
see something more critical and not
critical in the sense of there's then must
yes have something negative but shows
but smooth him not only as the
That's not what Strahlemann was
that is , none of us would have
like a bit more humanity
yet seen on another level
would be honest opinion he is looking
maybe change yourself better
not my personal rating
are rock solid are of 10 points
the film shows a great picture of
mandela it is fantastic
but too little too clean on the whole
too few edges I would like something
more personal something more human
seen and not something godlike it
but altogether a dignified farewell
in film form by nelson mandela
That's why I score 7 out of 10
was my review to mandela of you
I would like to know now what are
for you personalities either
have died or still today
he truly reveres and lives as
you see great role models you write
the comments will interest me
but who still from the trailer
want to convince look down here
go in or review another review
We have also published here below
at instagram twitter facebook we are
of course always there for you or
We see us again soon
a new film criticism here the
film factory with me the domenik